okay so now we're doing another dare
video and this time it's on Kayla Kayla
has to wear it hairstyle the ITU's and
tell it's her turn again okay so
basically she has to do my hair anything
she wants and you're gonna see it okay
she's gonna hold the phone while I do
her hair and then we're gonna show it to
you and we'll see what else we do okay
yeah oh also one more thing um Lauren
did warn we didn't capture it on video
because we thought well we'll just tell
you in the next video and that's what
we're doing now so whenever somebody
says like she has to say there we go
again for the next hour I don't know why
it's just what it's seven on so that's
what you have to do like right Lauren
there we go again don't say that word
okay so here I'll hold the camera and
let's go in we're going side it's so
easy so we can get all the materials yes
like hair about using clips and stuff
and it's not gonna be very pretty either
good thing it doesn't say like keep it
up for the next hour and yeah sure zit
she's gonna Gary people oh dang it
here's my chair you listening okay all
right
be prepared oh you here I have here
stuff here hold care okay so I'm
planning on doing something really crazy
and here's all the materials that I can
use and I might have an idea already in
my head so just wait and see
this might take a while so prepared oh
alright so here we go it's gonna be
really bad
open this hair clip okay one second s
okay thank you then going on
oh sorry it's been very quiet um yeah I
feel stuff going around in my hair ah I
guess she's gonna do something very
craziness hopefully she could spend the
night so we can keep this videos going
all day long we should totally upload
this to YouTube no kidding
okay that's what we're probably gonna do
probably upload it to Facebook too
because I think that you can upload
videos to facebook now cuz I saw don't
want one commercial you know how to
upload videos to Facebook oh please -
Facebook yeah
make sure you thumbs up this video by
the way if this is on YouTube
leave a comment and stuff okay hopefully
we'll probably I probably have some of
these videos going broke oh I probably
have some of these videos on my channel
it might be with other people but I'll
keep this series going around for a
while of course because this is one
it's okay hmm this video maybe one okay
this doesn't work either
what is it it works
see that it's candy corn little girl by
your face I remember my mom got these
for me you have any that work
help me awake
watch me while I'm finishing touch hold
on wait look
Kayla